I take you niggas deep inside my
lifestyle family music yeah real it's
niggas I fuck with them I don't do this
I let you niggas see what I see right
now trapping haters and blessing bitches
I fell in love
deep inside my lifestyle music it really
Snickers I fuck with you I don't do
nothin nigga see what I see bitches I
fell in love with you bitches and shit
I'm done with dump these hoes cuz I know
they go to hold me back me and I won't
relax
I'm gonna miss food off our blood will
attract oh the sweet when I blow in the
sack when the streets all over the stack
nigga no sleep don't believe that in
napping the triggers I squeeze count
bling for the back but your nigga feelin
listen strap that honey but the heat but
the fact was came up free streets he's a
fag I can't fuck with the King goodies
that tough oh you wanna be where I'm at
what on the singing my team of directors
or enemies with the street they protect
us that's on me my dream on the glass is
funny how I tell everything gets cold
with a beating I write when a place to
finally catch up technique indeed a good
night but I mean
I gotta have nope it's the same time for
anybody seen yes I'm trying to see you
clap no Kidz Bop got shot so Cheers
holy wasted bottles for my niggas and
with a couple miles in there so I never
slowed by more than alone in the clip
niggas know the fuck is here thank you I
know you gonna fuck this shit
my life use acrylics niggas I fuck with
this I don't do this
I met him niggas see what I seek right
now man haters and bless him fishes I
fell in love with just bitches
deep inside my life we can't really
Snickers I fucked because I don't do it
I'm nothing nigga see what I see right
now pictures I fell in love with just
bitch
I live what I write here right we gotta
survive tonight
your father's pride in the life lighter
light in my life love is in the dark
inner cancer I'm living in Katrina
enemies gonna need a friend no I'm above
my son benefit joke amigo so you don't
me get it kid who's the client fan
something bad it tears up in this
landscape whatever trap against what
you're trying to say better not have to
fish it I've been outed friend the
tables are being what the diggers all
want me to be brother Wes cut
motherfucker one trumpeter know what it
means
real shit like coal to the teeth so
light as to color streets pin on the
grinder triple my fee
kill what in mind you don't owe me a tea
we'll play around cuz life is queasy it
aku quit unless you'll understand the
way your fuck my baby shit really plan
to fill without for proper school to
make this just don't read not too well
cuz you won't prevail less you little
shit lonely nice his G owners shoulder
nigga what it means to live I still
can't figure
what the fuck meaning minitex you niggas
deep inside my life family music yeah
realest niggas like fuck wit some I
don't do this I'm making niggas see what
I seek right now blessing bitches I fell
in love we just bitches and shit
deep inside my lifestyle music and I
think it really Snickers I talk because
I don't do this
I'm nothing nigga see what I see right
now trap
bitches I fell in love we just pitch it
and shit I'm done with